So let's wrap up this module by recapping what you learned and also taking
a look at the pros and cons of a streaming-style API.
As with other approaches to consuming JSON,
a good way to think about a streaming API is by looking at the pros and cons.
I've emphasized that there's no always correct choice for consuming
JSON and that all different APIs have their place.
The streaming API is much faster than the binding or DOM APIs.
It uses much less memory on account of not having to construct an
in-memory representation of the entire document.
It can also allow us to terminate processing of JSON earlier if
we had extracted the information that we need.
It also enabled us to write fairly generic and abstract code that works
over a variety of different unstructured documents.
Consequently, it's easier for the writing of libraries,
frameworks, and tools that process JSON.
On the other hand,
the API is much harder to use and that reduces the productivity for
developers and potentially slows down the development of features.
Wow!
We've now introduced all three of the different
types of consuming APIs for JSON.
The streaming API was the most performant and also allowed us
to work on unstructured JSON documents.
But this course isn't over.
In the next module,
you'll get to learn about more general information architecture concepts.
These are principles that will take you from working on the raw
APIs towards building JSON-based endpoints that can be more easily maintained and used over time.